 You, young paladin begin in a village, injured & find a map with your weapon. You go to the local mercantile for provisions
You exit the store and your map has a location scrawled on it in what appears to be orc blood. the preferred ink of your trade.
You are a Paladin, a warrior of god, trained from birth to fight the resurgence of evil in this realm. You carry a sword
 passed on by your uncle, Mithradates, the last paladin to protect this county and the most famous in the dominion.
He was gravely wounded in the battle of Ephesus, a witch rebellion. He now lies in what is soon to be his death bed at your home.
You have been dispatched by St. Augustine himself, terminating your training early in the hope that you will embody the
same fervor as your uncle.| You are traveling across the land in search of the location marked leaving piles of Orcs in
your wake. You hope to end this resurgence of Evil.| Along the pathway you start to doubt where the map is leading you.
The landmarks on the map are strange and you have not seen any of the landmarks.| After some traveling you find a local
village to help guide you.  They have not recognized the map and where it is.  You are now frustrated because this map
given to you by the St. Augustine makes no sense.  Then you realize that at the beginning it did make sense. It has your
village and a bit beyond, so you travel back and retrace your steps.| You go back to your village to find it burned down.
 The terror of the Orcs was apparent.  You feel like a failure because you could not save this village.  You reason that
 the Orcs must have come in a large pack as this was no normal town it was a town of retired, but experienced fighters that
 could hold their own. You look around for any vantage points that the Orcs could have come from.| You wonder where those
 Orcs came from. You find a hole in the ground large enough for an Orc and follow it down.  Oddly enough there is lighting
 in the hole.  You think that the Orcs must have come from it. You carefully descend the hole and hear Orc voices.| Everything
 is silent now. You head further along the cave and it widens to show this massive fortress hovering over an abyss.| You
 head toward one of the bridges.| A wall of magic is preventing you from stepping onto the bridge.  You take your sword,
 which was infused by magic, and thrust through the wall cutting a hole in it.| You step onto the bridge and head toward
 the fortress.| Once you get to the front you feel a sense of darkness. You open the door and are confronted by a large
 group of Orcs.|%After you slay the Orcs you see a man sitting in a large chair get up and start walking toward you. You
 know that this is the man behind the darkness.