 You, a young outcast of the village have escaped your captors.
You were mutilated as a young child by polio and AIDS. You are 17.
You were a slave boy in the local castle and the master allowed you to read some of his books on philosophy. 
You have become an existential nihilist.
You really enjoy math but you dislike people as they remind you of your dead family which you watched being burned alive
 because they stood up to the Orcs. You still have a blanket which smells like your dear dead mother.|  You find a map
 in the dungeon while you are escaping, you feel determined to find what is at the X..| After gladly fighting Orcs in
 order to avenge your family you start questioning what the map was that you found.| As you wheel around in your
 wheelchair laughing maniacally while killing the Orcs you are driven mad by the memories of your family.  You vow to end
  this Orc invasion by whatever means necessary.|  After a couple of days of traveling and slaying Orcs the hairs on the
  back of your neck start to prick up.  You feel a change is coming...|  You find a key landmark on your travels and are
  excited.  This means you are one step closer to killing whom ever brought back the Orcs.| As your travels linger on
  the days seem to get darker and darker.  It seems only to pass from dusk to night to dusk again. You have seen less
  and less animals, much less people as you follow your map.| Everything seems to be covered with black slime as if God
  himself has cursed this land, but you continue on as your need for vengeance grows by the minute.| In the distance you
  see a large fortress.  You find a hill and look upon the valley.  You see a large army of Orcs being trained and a large
  fortress. You head toward the fortress.| You quietly slay the beasts and head swiftly toward the looming fortress.| You
  arrive at the bottom of the valley and find a break in the wall.  You sneak inside.  Your longing for revenge grows.
  Once inside you start sneaking around trying to find some clues.  You feel giddy about the prospect of getting revenge
  with the man whom brought the Orcs back.|%You feel a presence behind you and lash out, but the figure grabs you by your
  arm and throws you across the room.  You shout, "You'll pay for this".

