 Wizards Unite to Defend the Realm!

You wake up in a cave finding your wand and a couple sheets of parchment and a map.
The parchment is titled Wizards Unite to Defend the Realm.  It is a call to arms against the Orc invasion.
No one knows who is responsible for the massive Orc army, but it is still a dangerous threat.  You start thinking
that you must have been separated from your troop. You look at your map and find a mark showing you where you were
headed.  You must find your way back to your troop to help fight for the realm.| After fighting your way though Orcs
and Shop owners you are a little fatigued.  You spend the night in a cave and wake up the next morning feeling as
refreshed as you can be after sleeping in a cave.  You feel in your aura something strange.| As you feel a pressure
getting stronger you are starting to suspect a darker more sinister plot behind the appearance of the Orcs. You are
walking through trees and finding mysterious marks left on the trees.| You find a large pile of Orc bodies. You start to
feel hopeful that maybe you found a troop until you see this shadow come over the land. This shadow then converges on the
Orc bodies and devours them.  You cast a spell at the shadow, but it seems to do nothing.  The shadow starts leaving and
you start running toward it.| The shadow moved much faster than you, but you kept on running.  After running for a couple
hours you come into a large clearing with a massive hole.  You go to the edge of the hole and look down.  You see the
top of what seems to be a castle.  You fashion some rope out of organic materials using your magical abilities and repel
down.  It takes about an hour for you to repel down and the temperature has risen significantly.  When you do reach the
bottom you see a large entrance to the castle. There are some guards that you have to fight.|  You enter the castle and
explore the first floor.|%After doing so you start to feel a presence behind you and turn around.  You are realizing that
this presence is behind the recent appearance of Orcs.